1.4.1 Activity Answers

Name: KEY

Step 3: The code was most likely stored on the tape with punch holes to represent 1 or 0 (on or off).

Step 4: High-level documentation is important because it allows a programmer or user to work with or modify the program without needing to understanded all of the underlying
        machine code.
        
Step 5: If people don't collaborate to create standards then it makes sharing information very difficult and possibly impossible.

Step 6: get_title() is one possible example.  Students should look up this information using the 1.4 reference card or online. 
        https://matplotlib.org/api/axes_api.html

Step 7: The _init_ method has three arguments (self, myRadius, myColor).

Step 8: fiat is the name that was given to realityArtist.py when it was imported.  It is used here as a "nickname".

Step 9: The line print mike.color will print: #BB7700 or light orange.

Step 10: The size and color of the ball should be diameter=10 mm, color='#FF0000'(red).

Step 11: To draw a circle all the was around the ball that is red, use: emily.draw_circle(20, 'FF0000')
         To draw a smaller black circle: emily.draw_circle(10, 'FFFFFF')
         To draw a smaller gray circle: emily.draw_circle(10, '808080')
         
Step 12: items[1] is emily.
         items[3].color will return the color of the 4th item in the list.

Step 13: items[3].draw_circle(myColor='#00FF00', diameter=6) will cause the 4th ball to draw a small green circle.

Step 14: This step will cause every ball to draw a filled in red circle.

Step 15: This produces an error.  You can't append an item to an object.  It must be appended to a list.

Step 16: Some difference between the GolfBall and PingPongBall class are as follows.
         The constructor size and color is different.  The draw_circle method draws a smaller circle that is green instead of red in color.
         
Step 17: The for-loop will add 8 new golf balls to the list that was created eariler.

Step 18:  Each ball in the list will call the draw_circle method.  When the ball is a PingPongBall, the method will draw a red
          circle of diameter 10 that is not filled in.  When the ball is a GolfBall, the method will draw a green ball that is filled in.
          
Steps 19- 21:  Design a car class and some other class of the class' choosing.

Conclusion 1: Answers vary. Example: Dog food. A daily chore is to feed my dogs. I know I feed Fort and Buttercup each 1 cup and Sadie 0.5 cup. 
              But the quantity is the detail I keep in the abstraction. When I'm feeding them, I'm not thinking about all the gory details of what's in the food. 
              And I'm not worried about how many kibbles or how much air is in that 1 cup measure. It's just a cup. I'd get a headache if I had to deal with 
              all the details all the time.
              
Conclusion 2: Procedural abstraction is giving a procedure a name (or a pointer to the first instruction) and then not worrying about how it gets its job done.
              Data abstraction is agreeing on standard or protocol for how data will be represented at a lower level of abstraction, 
              so that at the high level we can think about a high level data structure like an image and not worry about 
              the details of how it actually represented at a lower level.
              
Conclusion 3: Answers vary; the goal is to get students thinking about these three concepts in a way that goes deeper than repetition, exposing student 
              conceptions of these ideas.
              Example: Maybe it is because GUIs are event-driven, so programs were more likely to need an object to know about itself. 
              That's because in event-driven programming you don't know the sequence of procedures that will be followed; that is determined at run time by the user.
              Example: Maybe it's just that all three are developments of the first decades of modern computing.